[Music]
very good family how are you this
video could be
a supplement or some scenes for credit
to the video that I uploaded yesterday on the
main channel where I put the whole
chronology well precisely the
video here my dear marimet also
puts it okay This video from the main Channel you
have to see it yes or yes because there
we find out live in full, rigorously
live with all the evidence okay And
whoever wants to come and whoever can especially
to deny this since we are missing
something, do it I have no
problem I gain nothing from this I don't
care if one was right the
other was but according to what we were
investigating and finding the chronology
of the events was that Rocío Carrasco was
the one who
announced the separation of the two of them
two months after announcing the separation
in November 99 she did an
exclusive in Hola where she left
Antonio David in a bad light on the one hand she left him in a good light
because on the one hand he said that he had
had a love
that had taken great care of her that he
had her on an altar that he treated her very
well but that he suspected that  there was another
woman that Antonio had had There was
something with other women this could be
true or it could be a lie or it could be
that she was very jealous and imagined
that he was with another woman or who
knows but she called him unfaithful she
insinuated that she sensed it no
after this they would give him a lot of stick with
tornado they would make him look terrible like a pimp
like an unfaithful or whatever Antonio
David went to defend himself after six months
here you have it okay not even six months
five months ago at Tómbola
Antonio warns he defends himself in Tómbola and
tells things as he lived them
and tells of alleged affairs of Rocío
Carrasco with other men okay she
caught him he showed up there at the
house in Madrid and caught them and they ran
away I don't know what You already know that story
no sooner than after The cop
Antonio David as
María Patiño also stated all the people believed in
Antonio David suddenly
everyone took Antonio David's side
this really upset
Rocío Jurado's daughter Who was a girl who was
used to having everyone  her whims
And getting her way without always getting her way
and that's when they start to brand Antonio
David as an abuser okay he appears in
September after the summer Rocío
Jurado on a program in Argentina
calling him an abuser and also
the battle with the children begins
and at the beginning of the following year 2001 she
appears in another exclusive on Hola
also Rocío Carrasco saying that she has
won the battle that she has won
custody of the children and that
Fideles is wonderful okay or so the
media beating the war in the
media and such she starts it according to what we
know what happens is that she looks bad
and after this well
she always looks bad He
defends himself she defends herself there is a media war here no and now the legal battles begin she has withdrawn the media to undertake legal battles for the right to honor anyway but it is not as they have told us in the documentary that in the documentary they told us that
immediately when he separates from her he
begins to talk about her everywhere
to live off of her to profit I don't know
what no no he will defend himself and that she has
been silent  She is not quiet
at all as Maria Patiño
also said that we have seen it in these
clients these days, that is, Anthony comes out to
defend himself and then they start calling him
from many programs because she also
gives exclusives No, he is always
defending himself there is a war and that he
takes advantage of the pull of course he would not
be Well no but he is going to defend himself
of course this this thread we have been
looking for since they aired the documentary
And it is that now our dear Mary Mark
that here you have her Twitter okay that
also helps me a lot as well as
carito And like the whole team that
I have in the group of ladyship info that
you are the best not because thanks to the
things that you share there and so on you
often save me time from linking
things together no And from putting things together how
good it would have been to have this the other
day too because looking at it It is that this
confirms even more the video that we
made on the main channel look at it
exclusive in the magazine to tell
inside stories from her
daughter's marriage come on this is normal but with a
small nuance but no it does not matter It does not
matter the family
always goes home there is a report by
Rocío Carrasco in the  Hola magazine where
she announces her separation, it's
not that she announces it, it was already reported before,
not by some media outlets, but she gives
the exclusive where for the first time, as
well, they put the cover for the first time to the
reasons no And then the reasons
that we were already seeing, we
were seeing that Hola report,
the reasons are well, according to her, she
believes that there are other women, no, that there are
other women, but David
forks.
I find myself in the situation of having to
defend myself, here you have it, well, from
accusations, hidden accusations that
she or the family,
here you have it. And surely for now, it
would be a matter of us
looking, but surely from November
99 to March 2000, when Antonio
David decided to go to the Tombola, in that
interval, in those five months, they would
surely be giving him sticks,
Antonio David, from all sides. You know, it
would be a matter of finding an
article, that when he comes back from his trip, we will
give him a hard time, okay, if we find an
article through the middle to see what things were
reaching the media and then we
will realize where
those things were coming from, not during those months Because
surely they would give him sticks, sticks, he
was, he was nobody because the famous  was
she the daughter of the oldest was the
other not and He surely wouldn't have
much contact with the media if not to say
any no then we
will investigate
When does it change When does that change because of
course there
will be a moment that the relationship
there you have it family incredible
wonderful Clean marimer incredible
wonderful nothing if you haven't seen the
video of the main Channel of course I'll
leave it in the pinned comment
support it fully because that video can't be
left there in oblivion or
indifferent okay And we will bring more
we will bring more things a hug family
[Music]